
0:
 The fire crackles gently as you doze in your usual armchair at the tavern. This is the Retired Adventurers Arms, a resting place for heroes both famous and forgotten. Perhaps not as lively as the city's other watering holes, where rambunctious young travelers drink, jostle and sing about their most recent deeds obtaining wealth and glory. Nevertheless, the Retired Adventurers Arms was a place steeped in the storytelling of great deeds, albeit ones from times gone by...

1:

The short figure of man a moves towards the fire, it's the blonde one whose name you don't recall. Usually a hero's retirement is spent boasting of his mastery with an aray of weapons. His cunning in solving puzzles and avoiding traps. Or that time he saved the princess and the entire kingdom. But this hero, if he was that, shared no stories. In fact he never spoke at all...

2:

His eyes light up at the prospect of your support in the matter, whatever that turns out to be. The note becomes unignorably conspicuous as you lift the coin purse and count the contents thereof. Your slight companion could never have been the physically imposing type. Especially so now, in his twilight years. Yet something in his ardent blue-eyed gaze compels you to make good on your promise. Not out of fear, but something else. As comical and harmless as this tiny, pointy-eared specimen of a might-have-been-hero seemed, he had the ineffible quality of being the most reliable man you had ever met. someone who could indeed be trusted to save a princess, or a kingdom, or both. Perhaps he has stories to tell after all...

3:

Your conpanion stares intently as you skim over the contents of the note...   --To whom it may concern... need your help... very thankful... chronical of forgotten adventures apparently recorded by his girlfriend or someone similar... etc etc--   In a time when the deeds of heros are remembered by thier boasting, the past of a non-verbal adventurer seems doomed to be forgotten. In any case, the finding of a long lost book would start with speaking to a librarian... 

4:

The Arms being situated, as it is, in the furthur reaches of town, means the path to the Old Town Library won't necessarily a safe one. Particularly for the elderly. Passing through the dank alleyways and along the city wall is likely to attract the attention of undesirables. Unfortunately for them, years of high-end adventuring experience waits poised on the other end of this blade. nonetheless, now seems like a good time to double-check your equipment...

5:

Inside, you find the librarian buried under a heap of books and scrolls. The building itself had been part of the university once, when Old Town had been the city's centre. Now it was as much a relic of the past as the old scholar asleep at his desk...

6:

You take a sizeable book from the desk and drop it flat on its cover. when the book lands, an unanticipated plume of dust erupts from beneath it and the hall echoes with a resounding boom. The librarian starts awake and is understandably furious at you. He accuses you of having done it deliberately before complaining loudly about the Republic and the state of the country since the reformation. Clearly it's something he has neither adapted to nor moved on from. At lenght, he notices you, seemingly for the first time. "what do you want? The only books here are old and from places far away. Not the kind that interest people, at least, not anymore."... 

7:

You explain that the book you seek is of that exact nature. And give it's description as per the non-vocal hero's note. A book penned by a princess from a far off kingdom, about a hero of that realm who stood against some villainous entity who sort an artifact of great power. "pretty standard fare for a fairytale," the librarian responds, "any bookshop toward the city centre sells childrens books."

8:

The City Centre, a thriving metropolis populated by the gentrified masses and policed ruthelessly by the Republican Guard. By all accounts a technological marvel, a place of comfort, safety and gadgets capable of performing almost any task. Those fortunate enough to be citizens enjoy a uniquely easy life. Those who are not, are generally turned away at the door. Entering the City Centre would require passing through one of the checkpoints. It might be pointless, but trying is better than having to return the gold immediately. 

9:

As you arrive at the checkpoint you are struck by the enormity of the city's inner wall. Towering over the buildings and spotted with sentry outposts, outsiders are clearly not welcome here. There is a que at the checkpoint, merchants, wanderers, hopefuls aiming for a better life. One man comes towards you after being turned away, He's clearly an Old Town resident like yourself. Seeing a kindred soul in you he stops to gripe...

10:

"Either!", he responds and marches off into the alleys of Old Town. True enough, the Republican Guard believed they were knightly soldiers and pretectors of the realm. In reality, anyone outside the Centre knew they were just spoiled brats with rich parents in uniform. Clearly not a single one of them had any fighting experience. Not like the City Watch of old, those fellows could subdue a drunken brawl with stern language, then continue quaffing ale themselves. A righteous way to keep the rifraff in check....

11:

Back into the streets...
